Bow down and remember I'm here
Let my daughter go, I thought you wouldn't dare to come
This has nothing to do with my daughter
You let him go and I'll talk to you
Let him go
What about what I want?
This is the most money I can raise in a short time.
Put you in this bag
yours
Dad took all the working capital the company could use
It all fell out
No way.
Hundreds of millions because my father has been dragged down for a lifetime
This life can't be like this anymore
Dad, leave me alone.
Again you shut up
Please hit my daughter, are you courting death?
Hit him and I want to kill him now
optomechanical animals
Dare to move
I'll strangle you bastard right now